Beauty
Beauty, I'm here, haha, don't come here.
Ha ha ha
I just love your delicate and pitiful appearance.
Hurry up!
Cool it, ha ha, don't come here.
Oh boy.
Don't come here.
Ha ha ha, don't come here, beauty.
Uncle, spare my life, go away.
Leader.
Please help me redeem it.
What is your name?
My name is Xiao Zhou Xiao Zhou
YES.
Thank you, thank you.
I'm back to Emei.
I must tell the elders everything Bach Tam Lam has done.
Then it won't work.
Is your reputation still there?
If I don't complete Truong Sinh
Maybe my life is coming to an end.
Are you okay?
I will amplify it for you now.
No, I am a reputable person.
Sorry.
I am shallow.
I know.
No money blame me
Even though I didn't end up being the leader.
I will also definitely bring you the method.
At that time, I will invite you to write a little more.
Crime.